and she just had an amazing response
like amazing release with her sinuses
and she just was really impressed and
she I don't just look like she was wowed
by which you don't typically get that
with a chiropractic adjustment mm-hmm
you know so that's what I want in my
office is to create that wall experience
and it was awesome to see that so yeah
I'm looking for it try to work with our
students one-on-one making sure that
they're very comfortable with providing
a treatment on their first visit talk
about how impressed they are different
they feel and it's very consistent I'd
say probably 90% of the people we saw
today was so after a number of people
they had a great experience responding
so well I take pride in the fact that my
students will be able to start
immediately changing lives when they get
back to that office on Monday morning
we're German was really really what I
perceive as being difficult patients I
had seen them in my chiropractic patient
my chiropractic load I would have
thought these are people they're going
to be extremely difficult to work with
and we all have those patients you know
when they can the door and say oh these
people are gonna take so long and what
am I going to do album I mean it's a
small percentage of your practice
there's some composed of these kinds of
people but they have something that
addresses those kinds of problems when
typically nothing else will there are a
few things will or at least not very
well I mean this is just it's it's a
real pearl real pearl I think if your
time and investing it with us
this type of work is extremely sensitive
so it's just not something that can be
taught in a weekend course and there's
definitely an art and there's definitely
a science to treating patients this way
make sure to work with each doctor to
make sure they're competent with the
diagnosis
FC archive site and I found that you do
FCR so I compared the two and you know
I'm it's a neurology and so are you
and I really like the fact that it's
more chiropractic driven from Simplot of
Neurology I've designed the course to
start out with two days of classroom
time then we move into the clinic we see
real patients we see real problems we're
looking around that I found you I saw
your videos and I saw you were
neurologically based how practically
based and I saw the results that the
people the patients that you are
treating it was just so impressive just
as it felt right now just felt like this
it's a great direction we go I want to
share FCR with other doctors I've seen
such dramatic changes in my practice
that I just know there's so many people
out there suffering needlessly and it
seems like this treatment is the only
thing that will fix them where the cause
of their problems seems to be out of
that Parkinson's patient respond it was
extraordinary physics program he was
weeping he looked like Muhammad Ali in
his heyday you know ducking and weaving
and right after right after the UFC our
dream and I mean he was rock-solid he
was standing right there he didn't
wobble you can shake no tremors but it
was really really satisfied so not only
did the treatment go extremely well but
great releases that he commented I was
but the response when he stood him up
and observed is after-effects it was
just I think was the surprise of him it
was surprising to me he seemed a little
surprised by a table certainly surprises
article so so he's got to write how much
rusty been adjusting the left side of
your neck correct that's correct yeah
you guys compare with you okay okay
straight out of the tape
yes yeah okay yes we fix going down
and
quality attention
look here they're going to look here
there there
here you guys see the hypo kinetics yeah
yep you can trim yeah you want to get
closer you know closer behind me good
that's a nice job you know what so
grandpa did you look really what seemed
you know moving around much they don't
sell more neurologically balanced that I
didn't need to just round up yeah its
considerable does it have any change in
the meds no same relevant today are you
feeling good about what we did yesterday
yeah I'm kind of shocked here I'm
looking at you that's pretty amazing
yeah sounds good let's take a look at
your outfit kinetics here back up just a
little bit look straight at the tape but
why that's huge
only those who risk going too far to
know how far they can go